Channel your inner mad scientist or Tony Stark! Artificers are those who spend most of their free time creating all sorts of artifacts, weapons and more.
This class shines when played by imaginative players, as it requires you to describe your spells as being “cast” or applied by tiny tools or creations.
Playing this makes you the brain of the group, the problem solver, as well as the weird strategist that infuses recordings in mundane objects and creates magical ones.

Alchemist(Eberron: Rising from the Last War)
Gather your test tubes and explosive liquids, it's time to play with the equal exchange.
Alchemists create all kinds of vials and elixirs with random effects meant to help your party, giving them special effects.
The alchemist's supplies are both your tools and weapons of choice.

Artillerist(Eberron: Rising from the Last War)
Artillerists are often seen in videogames as the person that plants a turret on the ground and starts shooting fireweapons from behind cover.
This is no different. You may use wands as your weapon of choice, but the rest remains practically the same.
You may customize your turret to have robotic spider legs, throw acid, self destruct on command and look just the way you want it.

Battle Smith(Eberron: Rising from the Last War)
Battle smiths are the medics during war, users of robot companions to help their party members.
They are in charge of protecting, having their steel defenders (whose form you can decide) jump in front of allies to stop attacks.
When in peril, it's the battle smith who will come to your aid while shooting or slashing your enemies to give you the much-needed heal.

Armorer (Tasha's Cauldron of Everything)
Fulfill your dream of playing the Ironman equivalent in D&D! Your characters creates a full set of metallic armor to don and charge into battle.
You can either decide to create a massive armor made to fight on close ranks or use a lighter one better suited for infiltration and ranged combat.
No matter which one you choose, both are considered heavy armor, which becomes a conduit for your artificer magic.