Filled with their destructive rage and primal instincts,
the barbarian is the class you choose if you want to be the meat shield in the front line dealing great amounts of damage.
Who needs a shield when you can stand your foes' puny attacks with your hardened skin and/or high evasiveness?

Path of the Ancestral Guardian (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
The great barbarians from the past in your tribe live on as great spirits that aid those in need.
You invoke in your rage these people (you can make them get summoned in battle as spirits if you want some extra flavor)
to guide you in your fights and/or your path as a barbarian.

Path of the Battlerager (Sword Coast's Adventurers Guide) *Dwarves only (unless your DM says otherwise)
This barbarians cover themselves with spiked armor ready to destroy whoever dares to attack them,
or those attacked by the barbarians themselves. Their rage is so powerful it can restore partly his health during battle.

Path of the Berserker (Player's Handbook)
Those who follow the path of the berserker become a meat grinding machine when enraged.
This path is for those barbarians that lose the sense of everything but their foes' suffering during battle.

Path of the Storm Herald (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
The great storm/weather/nature gods chose you as their warrior,
or you learnt how to channel their powers for some strange reason.
These barbarians can channel storms around themselves to affect those around them.
It can be very versatile as it allows you to change those auras/powers instead of just choosing one and sticking with it.

Path of the Totem Warrior (Player's Handbook)
Do you remember Disney's movie Brother Bear and how the totems affected or symbolized its wearers?
Well, these barbarians don't get turned to animals or anything like that,
but channel fauna's primal power to use in their favor.
The barbarian decides which animal he/she wants to attune to and gain abilities depending of their choices.

Path of the Zealot (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
As a true warrior of its god, the zealot barbarian is a true unkillable machine.
Filled with a divine or evil power channeled from those entities, a follower of this path becomes a heavy damage dealing, resistant monster.

Path of the Beast (Tasha's Cauldron of Everything)
This is surely the closest thing your character can play to feel like a lycanthrope.
Embody the primal rage within you to the point you gain the physical properties of a beast.
You can either gain a bite attack, grow claws from your hands, or grow a tail to deflect attacks against you.
Jump or climb towards your enemies to unleash heavy damage, with the chance of making your surrounding allies' attacks gain bestial power when you grow in level.

Path of Wild Magic (Tasha's Cauldron of Everything)
Otherwordly magic empowers the barbarian to the point it radiates wild magic out of it during its rage.
It's powerful, but random. The barbarian may end up shining blinding light.
or summon weird creatures to move towards enemies and explode.
This magic works not only in battle but can also be manipulated to detect the magic surrounding them or to lend part of the huge amount of it to allies for their spells.