A true jack of all trades; a bard can cover great amounts of ground when speaking about what they are able to do.
A performer at heart, an inspiration to its allies, but above all a foul-mouthed to its foes.
With its great charisma, his/her voice becomes its greatest weapon.

College of Glamour (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
Through magic given or taught to you by a fey entity, the bard becomes an enchanting master.
Your allies feel stronger with you by their side, while you bend your foes' minds to your will.

College of Lore (Player's Handbook)
As a storyteller of the history and lore of the world, a bard from the College of Lore yearns for knowledge and stories.
Because of their vast knowledge, they know exactly what can psychically hurt,
confuse or distract other creatures, as well as can delve into other classes' spell lists.

College of Swords (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
A bard of this college is a master with light sharp blades. This allows them to go straight into melee combat.
Its elegance of their weapon mastery can confuse the target and attack their foes when and where they expect the least (dealing more damage).
Imagine a swords juggler going into combat to get a general idea.

College of Valor (Player's Handbook)
As well as with the College of Swords, these bards go straight into combat, both melee and ranged.
What makes this college different to its bards though is it focuses more on the support aspect of combat.
These bards focus on making their allies stronger and harder to hit, instead of benefiting mostly themselves in combat.

College of Whispers (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
These are the bards that search for your dirtiest and best kept secrets to use against you to scare or charm you.
Great intel collectors and better threateners, ready to get people out from your way or damage psychologically their foes.
Sticks and stones may break your bones, but words leave psychological wounds that will never heal.

College of Creation (Tasha’s Cauldron of Everything)
Bards from this college become the masters of creation. This is done through the Song of Creation,
which can be manifested through any artistic talent. They can create items out of thin air to solve problems,
as well as animate objects to fight with them in battle.
As this was not enough, bards of creation can make motes of magic appear that help allies in many ways.