As well as with bards, clerics cover a wide amount of possibilities depending on the god you choose to follow.
They are high spirited servants of their deities and follow their domains to choose a way of life.
Both a warrior and spellcaster, they are able to cover practically any role in a party.
Depending on their subclass, their Channel Divinity ability acts in different ways, granting direct powers from their gods.

Arcana Domain (Sword Coast's Adventurers Guide)
Clerics of this domain look for aid from the gods who know the most about magic.
By doing this, they increase their level of magic and spellcasting understanding.
This allows them to focus on the support side of spells,
as well as learn how to turn more creatures than the already established ones by being a cleric.

Death Domain (Dungeon Master's Guide)
Normally not used as a playable class by the players because of their focus in evil alignment,
the clerics from this domain look forward to have its own undead army fighting by their side.
They focus on the necrotic spells and ways to do heavy damage.

Forge Domain (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
Those clerics who view weapon and armor blacksmithing as a marveling chore, tend to follow this domain.
They create fascinating weapons, imbue others with their divine magic as an aid for combat and serve as a great companion in it.

Grave Domain (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
Walking the path between life and death, these clerics look amongst all things for a balance between them.
Death isn't a fear for them. Were someone to disturb the equilibrium between both, these clerics will show them their mighty wrath.

Knowledge Domain (Player's Handbook)
For those clerics who value knowledge above all else, and whose curiosity is always looking for something new to learn.
Either for mere understanding, or for the ecstasy generated by gaining new knowledge,
these clerics can delve into peoples' minds or learn to work with things they didn't know about.

Life Domain (Player's Handbook)
Just in case you were wondering where the healer cleric everyone associates the class to is, I present you the master of healing.
Clerics who venerate deities of Life can gain access to more healing spells,
while also recovering more hit points than any other class would had they access to this magic.

Light Domain (Player's Handbook)
Light Domain clerics fight a war against darkness, both in life as in people's hearts.
Their super powerful spells can destroy anything that dares to confront them.
By summoning light's power, they focus above all else on dealing heavy damage with their magic.

Nature Domain (Player's Handbook)
A mixture between druids and clerics.
These servants of the gods of nature can focus both on its support aspect or its damage dealing one (or why not both?).
With critters and plants by their side they can summon forth the powers of the nature.

Order Domain (Guildmaster's Guide to Ravnica)
Clerics from this domain find order and law to be the most vital things to follow.
No matter how injust might the law be, it must be abided to maintain an order in society.
Things were stablished that way for a reason, and these clerics will make sure they are followed with the power of the gods.

Tempest Domain (Player's Handbook)
Clerics of the tempest domain serve the gods of storms and weather.
They can channel forth the destructive forces of storms.
With a focus on lightning damage they are ready to obliterate whatever tries to obstruct their path.

Trickery Domain (Player's Handbook)
Ready to bother some people, create illusions or confuse them?
This domain can make you a shadow amongst the crowds,
creating numerous illusions to trick your foes before sticking a handaxe to their skulls.
A great spy, assassin, infiltrator or someone who just wants to trick/bother people with their godly powers.

War Domain (Player's Handbook)
Follower of the gods of war, these clerics are ready to channel those divine powers to turn the battle to their sides.
These deities grant them powerful abilities for their weapons in order to be masters at war and fights.

Peace Domain (Tasha's Cauldron of Everything)
Peace domain clerics become the pillar that unites all party members within it.
They can create a soothing calmness while moving, healing allies on its way, as well as create links between their friends.
These links allow all creatures connected through it to become more powerful when they act together,
as well as teleporting each other to protect other linked allies from attacks.

Twilight Domain (Tasha's Cauldron of Everything)
Able to provide calmness in the dark for safe sleep, the twilight clerics are the ultimate protectors of their allies while in the dark.
With the power from the gods, they can summon great bubbles of twilight energy that calm fear and charming away from allies.
Additionally, they are fantastic watchers, able to see clearly up to 300ft in the dark, as well as being able to grant this ability to allies.
If the enemy is far away these clerics can even fly while they remain in darkness.