What does a fighter do best? Well, fight of course.
A really versatile class, as it can work in numerous ways.
Add the fighting style and you can choose to have a one handed weapon accompanied by a shield,
have a two handed weapon, two one handed ones (dual wielding),
a ranged weapon and more! Once you've got that decided, ready yourself to start demolishing your foes,
be it with your mighty strength or dexterous precision!

Arcane Archer (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
These fighters got to learn a unique elven archery technique.
By doing so, they can infuse different types of magic to their arrows,
both damage dealing ones, and others that leave some effect on your foes.

Battle Master (Player's Handbook)
The name says it all. Fighters trained this way can develop numerous abilities to be the best in their fighting style.
They can learn how to incapacitate their foes, deal heavy damage, or bolster their allies in battle.

Cavalier (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
If you don't like the Paladin class as the classic European cavalier, this is the closest thing to it.
An expert in mounted combat, and an amazing tank too. They get great mobility due to their mount,
but can have some abilities taken from you if you can't use your mount (e.g when going into a cave or dungeon)

Champion (Player's Handbook)
Fighters from this subclass tend to find their enemies' weak points and exploit them more often than the rest,
allowing them to do double the amount of possible critical attacks.
If you are looking to play a fighter and the others subclasses overwhelm you with things to learn, this one is your best choice.

Eldritch Knight (Player's Handbook)
Do you love a specific weapon but would like to be able to also use magic?
Eldritch Knights use a special kind of martial archetype that allows them to use magic to buff their attacks or gain battlefield control.
They can also summon their weapon when they don't have it at hand. How cool is that?

Purple Dragon Knight (Sword Coast's Adventurers Guide)
Knights of the crown, these are the kind of fighters who try to find a way to solve a conflict through words when possible.
They work really well as support fighters due to their ability to heal allies in combat through their second wind feature.

Samurai (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
You ever wanted to play a Samurai in 5e but were tired of having to make it work with the existent classes and subclasses?
This martial archetype for the fighter was created just for you then.
Samurais concentrate so hard they can find the right spot to hit their enemies (granting them advantage in lots of attacks).
Grab your katana, bow and arrow or whatever you like and start wreaking havoc like the tankó wearer damage dealer you are.

Psi Warrior (Tasha’s Cauldron of Everything)
Psi warriors are trained individuals in the subject of psionic. They use their minds to move both themselves and others wherever they please,
as well as to stop attacks with the sheer power of their brain. This is only improved as they grow in level, making their attacks more powerful,
becoming able to fly with their telekinetic powers, and moving objects and enemies much bigger than themselves in size with great force.

Rune Knight (Tasha’s Cauldron of Everything)
Fighters that carve runes from the giants on their gear can gain their powers, thus becoming rune knights.
Able to choose within the powers from all giant types, they gain a great amount of variety in their abilities,
ranging from transferring damage dealt against allies to enemies, to making their attacks hardly miss a target.
Rune knights can also grow in size becoming much stronger and protect allies from attacks with the magic from the runes.