Martial artists who can channel their Ki to do impressive feats as if they were magic users.
No armor is necessary, just dexterity and the power of your mind.
Deflect missiles thrown at you, changing the target to your enemies, move at the speed of the wind and fill your foes' faces with a flurry blows.

Way of the Drunken Master (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
Get ready to feel like Jackie Chan, because that is what this subclass is about.
Monks from the way of the drunken master love their fighting like they like their ales.
They have a style of fight that is different to many others, allowing to be super dexterous and agile.

Way of the Four Elements (Player's Handbook)
Due to their connection to nature, these monks can concentrate enough they can use certain elemental spells by using their Ki.
Get ready to become a The Last Airbender or Legend of Korra style monk and do some elemental control.

Way of the Kensei (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
Monks trained this way see their weapons as extensions of their own bodies.
They do this in a way that these weapons work as if they were magical.
Moreover, they can choose to master ranged weapons, dealing even more damage from afar.

Way of the Long Death (Sword Coast's Adventurers Guide)
Death isn't a concern for these monks as they learned how to survive when knocking on heaven's door.
They know how to steal life's essence from dying enemies and create a fear of death in them.

Way of the Open Hand (Player's Handbook)
The classic martial artist, fist punching, jaw breaking kicker.
With their flurry of blows they can unstabilize their foes, as well as deal some heavy damage with a succession of hits to their faces.

Way of Shadow (Player's Handbook)
A true ninja delving in the shadows, ready to make surprise attacks, teleport, and cast spells in order to create strategic ways to kill or assassinate their enemies.
Make illusions show up to distract, create magic darkness to go unnoticed and slash that guard's throat.

Way of the Sun Soul (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
Through lots of training, these monks discovered how to channel their own life's energy to shoot it as bolts of radiant damage.
This energy can also be used in other ways such as for creating flames, making use of your own soul's power.

Way of Mercy (Tasha’s Cauldron of Everything)
The way of mercy is all about becoming that who decides who is to be healed, and who must be destroyed, thus creating a balance.
These monks become the equivalent of the surgeons from the medieval ages.  They wear masks and can focus their ki on healing those at hand range.
These sanative energies can also be twisted to the point they hurt those nearby manipulating the ki. This way, besides dealing great damage,
they can heal, cure, and even revive their allies.

Way of the Astral Self (Tasha’s Cauldron of Everything)
Monks that follow the way of the astral self can project themselves to bring their astral projections (which don’t even need to look like the monk) with them.
When used in battle, their astral projection appears as a portion of themselves that can manifest physically to hit enemies with attacks.
Projections can attack from greater distances and manifest as masks on the monk to see in the dark and intimidate their enemies while protecting the monk from damage.