A paladin is a person guided by an oath, their force of will and devotion so strong they are granted the ability to cast spells to smite their foes.
They fight for justice and righteousness, with the idea of following their oath and ideals to the very end. For this, they use heavy armor to be front liners and protect their allies.

Oath of the Ancients (Player's Handbook)
Paladins who swear an oath of this kind value the good in the world, trying to reinforce it in people's lives.
Nature and light are hugely important to accomplish this, meaning they are trained to make use of them for good and maintain justice, as well as to smite evil.

Oath of Conquest (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
Law must be obeyed, and you are the law. Oath of Conquest paladins believe hope should be extinguished from their foes' minds and that people should be ruled with an iron fist.
This is survival of the fittest, and should you not become strong enough, you are to be stepped on.

Oath of the Crown (Sword Coast's Adventurers Guide)
These paladins swore to protect their king and kingdom they live in.
In order to maintain justice, the law must be respected and you only should speak truth. They are natural leaders and will defend their allies as well at all costs.

Oath of Devotion (Player's Handbook)
Their oath makes them trustworthy companions ready to take a bullet for you if needed be.
These paladins swore to protect the weak, and slay evil, while being compassionate with those that don't truly deserve death.
You are to set an example to others and inspire them to follow your path towards a better world.

Oath of Redemption (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
There are very few examples of creatures that are beyond saving when it comes to redemption.
Peace must be set in the world and for this you must learn to forgive even the evildoers.
With patience and wisdom, you can make others find the good in their hearts and become a true emissary of peace.

Oath of Vengeance (Player's Handbook)
Something happened that made you swore vengeance against someone of a group of creatures, be it devils, demons, goblinoids, or the local crime boss.
There is no mercy for the wicked and nothing is going to stop them from fighting the greater evil.

Oathbreaker (Dungeon Master's Guide)
You commited the worst thing a paladin could do: you broke your oath. You are beyond saving now, and have turned into an undead summoning, maddening creature.
Filled with hate these paladins went out of their mind and are on their way to becoming life's new ruler.

Oath of the Watchers (Tasha’s Cauldron of Everything)
Paladins from the oath of the watchers are those that vow to protect our plane from the evils from other ones.
They are all about seeing something as it really is and taking guard to protect the existence and their friends.
With a great focus on defensive abilities and turning those who don’t belong, they are always ready for battle, being cautious and staying ready for battle.