A natural explorer seeking adventures, who on their way found a special hatred towards a certain beast or monster.
Able to master any fighting style as long as they don't involve heavy weapons or armor.
Spellcasters by default, due to their connection with nature and/or the Feywild, they are excellent scouts and allies to have by your side.

Beast Master (Player's Handbook)
You want to play having an allied pet you can rely on by your side? This is your best bet.
You've found a way to create a magical bond with it making you able to command it at will.
When not ordered to do something it will do its best to protect you and stay alive.
If it is to die (let's hope not) you can always befriend another beast by spending some time with it.

Gloom Stalker (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
An ambusher at its core. Rangers of this kind are truly a menace to whoever isn't very aware of its surroundings.
A shadow in the dark, used to seeing and moving in the night. An excellent assassin too, made to work greatly as a sniper with its bow.

Horizon Walker (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
A planar traveler, discoverer of ways to travel from one place to another, or just to momentarily disappear from the current one they are currently travelling.
Curious explorers wanting to know more of these places, or prevent others from going in for all the dangers they've survived getting to where they are.

Hunter (Player's Handbook)
You've trained all your life for this moment. Time to hunt the ultimate prey! Get your weapons ready and let's kill legendary monsters.
They are masters of the hunt and evasion if their prey gets too close. Excellent fighters both to hunt down single enemies, or groups of them.

Monster Slayer (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
While hunters train to be able to excel in both single and horde combat, monster hunters center their attention towards one specific enemy in the battlefield.
Once a monster hunter laid eyes on you, you better start praying to all the gods above, cause a huge number of projectiles or slashes are coming towards you.

Fey Wanderer (Tasha's Cauldron of Everything)
Touched by the energies of the fey and the Feywild, these rangers become charming otherworldly individuals able to channel those extraplanar enemies when they wish.
Their attacks are imbued in dark energies from the gloomier parts of the plane, they can redirect both fear and charming effects,
and be charming enough themselves to get away with anything. If they are ever in enough danger, fey wanderers can also summon fey beings to help in battle or solve problems.
 
Swarmkeeper (Tasha's Cauldron of Everything)
Swarmkeepers develop a strong connection with swarms of anything they like, be it pixies, flies, or even bats.
These follow the ranger's orders and can move enemies from where they stand, deal extra damage, or even move the swarmkeeper itself,
to the point of being able to fly by letting the swarm carry their bodies. Once the swarmkeeper gains an even deeper connection with the swarm,
it can become one with it, allowing the ranger to easily avoid attacks.