Let's get shady, grab a dagger and start stabbing.
Rogues excel at sneaking around, scouting ahead, being dexterous and about everything you would expect a thief to be good at.
In dungeons, they can help their party by deactivating traps or opening locked doors.
Don't expect them to wear much armor, nor be able to carry heavy stuff; but were your task to need some delicacy or swashbuckling, you've found the right person.

Arcane Trickster (Player's Handbook)
You wanted to play a spellcaster but really liked rogues too. Why not play both?
Arcane tricksters tend to be more intelligent than the typical rogue (they use Intelligence for their spellcasting abilities).
They are able to create illusions, distractions or do some damage with the power of the arcane by their side.

Assassin (Player's Handbook)
This is another one of those subclasses that doesn't need much explanation.
Pick your weapon of choice and become the new hitman, being able to plan ahead your enemies' movements making it easier for you to assassinate them when combat arises.
Just make sure you've got an ally by your side to work as a distraction for some heavy damage against your target.

Inquisitive (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
Picture Sherlock Holmes in your mind. Now give him a dagger and/or bow.
Inquisitives can easily find their enemies' weak spots by quickly scanning them during combat.
This allows them to fully exploit it. They've also got an eye for the detail making them the best detectives and lie detectors.

Mastermind (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
Excellent villain but also a possible option for a player character, masterminds are always 3 steps ahead of their enemies, both in combat and at manipulating.
This is the best choice if you are going for something like Moriarty from the Sherlock Holmes series.
Having such a vast knowledge of tactics and combat, they are a perfect addition to any party looking for someone who can help them at predicting their foes' moves.

Scout (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
You get to be that person always scouting ahead looking for possible dangers or tracking something/someone.
You trained to move extremely fast and evade all possible foes. By the time they've got near you, you've already stabbed them four times and escaped successfully.

Swashbuckler (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
Grab your sword and start fighting on the crownest of the ship, while being over a moving spherical stone, or on top of the roofs.
Your grace and charisma during combat are marvelous things to watch, as well as your bravery to go full speed ahead to clash in a 1v1 fight against your opponent.

Thief (Player's Handbook)
Fascinating during infiltrations, sneaking, or taking someone by surprise, thieves excel at doing stuff without getting seen.
Opening locked doors, chests or mechanisms, stealing invaluable artifacts, and climbing walls to access places you shouldn't be into are just a few things they are able to do in the blink of an eye.

Phantom (Tasha’s Cauldron of Everything)
Phantom rogues have a strong tie with death and the realms associated with it. They either died and came back, or had a life-changing event that heavily tied them with the end of one’s life.
Phantoms, can learn skills from other spirits and wail while attacking their foes to psychically scar those at a distance.
Upon killing their victims, phantoms can create tokens out of their souls, enhancing their life with it and interrogating the spirits in them for answers.

Soulknife (Tasha’s Cauldron of Everything)
Soulknife rogues are the ultimate assassins, killing their targets without leaving traces behind. Soulknives can project psychic blades with psionic power out of their mind.
These blades can be thrown or used in melee to directly pierce their enemies’ souls, leaving no mark in the body.
This psionic energy can also be used to mask themselves, thus becoming invisible.