Due to some random or pre-established occurrence, magic runs through you.
This means you can "cheat" in a certain way to be able to use magic at will, instead of having to learn how to cast it.
Sorcerers are also equipped with a pool of magic they get their sorcery points from, letting them twist spells to their will in different ways.

Divine Soul (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
The gods have chosen you as the vessel for their powers. This means you will now be able to cast spells that only clerics should be able to cast.
This gives you a lot of flexibility, making you have access to both the cleric and sorcerer spell list.

Draconic Bloodline (Player's Handbook)
Draconic blood runs through your veins. Depending which type of dragon it is you will be able to improve your spells associated with it.
Moreover, dragon scales partly cover your skin, making you more resistant do damage.

Shadow Magic (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
For some reason you are linked with death and darkness, making you comfortable at night.
This means these sorcerers are less likely to die, as well as able to summon magical darkness and shadowy hounds of ill omen.

Storm Sorcery (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
With the power of the storms running through their veins, storm sorcerers walk or fly with tempestuous gusts of air moving around them, shooting spells from afar.
Call down lightning and destroy your foes with the true and explosive damage of the storms.

Wild Magic (Player's Handbook)
Wild magic sorcerers aren't truly in full control of their magic. Every spell becomes unpredictable, with a chance of blowing everything up.
Every time your DM tells you during an attack, there are 50 possible random things that can happen, that can turn a battle upside down for good, or possibly for bad.

Aberrant mind (Tasha’s Cauldron of Everything)
Aberrant mind sorcerers go all in with the lovecraftian theme, becoming slimy, terrifying creatures themselves as they grow in power, to the point of squeezing through 1-inch spaces.
These sorcerers can communicate telepathically to other creatures and cast all sort of tentacly, mind-warping spells. In addition,
these properties grant the sorcerer the chance of using psionic powers to cast these weird spells easily, protect themselves from mind-bending attacks.

Clockwork Soul (Tasha’s Cauldron of Everything)
Deeply connected to the forces of complete neutrality and law, clockwork souls yearn to maintain balance. Things are to stay as they are for these sorcerers, without room for change.
If someone has an advantage or disadvantage over other, these sorcerers can nullify that, as it breaks the natural order.
They can prevent attacks from damaging as well, and make all rolls as neutral as possible, making all rolls below 9 equal to 10.