Warlocks make pacts with extremely powerful beings, who don't mind lending some power as they have so much they don't even notice.
However, it all comes with a price: There's a reason this entity decided to accept the pact, and you might need to do some stuff to maintain the accord.
Decide whether you want to have a big spellbook full of incantations, a strange summonable weapon or weird servants. Will you perish in the way to becoming an eldritch master?

The Archfey (Player's Handbook)
Maybe you found a way into the Feywild, or were peculiar enough to pick some archfey's interest.
Whichever the way, you ended up in a pact with one of them. Masters of disguise, enchantments and illusions, their powers are transmitted to you.
But are you truly willing to be in debt with a creature like this?

The Celestial (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
For some reason you decided to make a pact with a celestial being, or maybe it decided for you.
They tend to be good willed and pass on spells of this kind through the pact, as well as healing ones.
This makes it the only warlock subclass focused in healing, and a really good one at that.

The Fiend (Player's Handbook)
Possibly for some kind of miracle to happen you decided to make a pact with a powerful demon or devil.
Fiends don't really care much about those who make pacts with them. However, they will give you their destructive powers in exchange of some things of their like, such as the player character's soul.

The Great Old One (Player's Handbook)
If you are a lovecraftian, or Cthulu fan, this might be the subclass for you.
You create a pact with a great old one, a creature that has been sleeping for a long time, but is now starting to show its presence.
Get ahold of their powers of corruption, mind reading and/or craziness and let's hope your mind survives by the time you finish your journey.

The Hexblade (Xanathar's Guide to Everything)
The shadowfell speaks to you from your blade/bow, or is it just a creature from there?
You don't really know, but as long as you keep it in your grasp, a pact between the two of you is formed.
This entity will give you shadowy powers and curses, while also making you an expert fighter, but what will it want in exchange?

The Undying (Sword Coast's Adventurers Guide)
Death and time mean nothing to your patron, who you have come to make a pact for some reason.
You can bring back people in the brink of death, or spray diseases to cause it yourself.
After some time, aging will mean nothing to you, to a point of not being sure whether you are dead or alive.

The Fathomless (Tasha's Cauldron of Everything)
The fathomless is an entity warlocks can make pacts with. These are cosmic entities or from the deep seas,
granting the ability to summon magic giant tentacles from the ground able to hit enemies.
These otherworldly entities also give the warlock the possibility of breathing underwater. As the warlock grows in levels,
it becomes able to summon even more tentacles and to have those tentacles swallow its allies to get them out from danger.

The Genie (Tasha's Cauldron of Everything)
Warlocks from noble genies. These spellcasters gain the powers to become something that is very similar to an actual genie.
They get a vessel to use as its “magic lamp” that they can decide, learn spells depending on the genie type they chose as a patron,
and gain abilities from them. Genie warlocks can invite party members to their vessel where they can rest protected,
become resistant to the patron's element type and even at higher levels cast limited wishes.