Wizards decide to go in adventures to further their knowledge. The great world in front of them has thousands of spells for you to learn and master.
With a spellbook at hand, they will look for or buy them to become a greater spellcaster.
Just transcribe them to the book and you'll understand why wizards are such a versatile class. The amount of spells they can learn greatly surpasses all other classes' lists.

School of Abjuration (Player's Handbook)
Abjuration magic helps protect the caster, as well as cast defensive spells both for the wizard of its allies.
Some of these wizards are seen as the protectors from evil, or exorcists even. Get ahold your arcane ward as a shield and go straight into battle!

School of Conjuration (Player's Handbook)
Conjurers are the masters of summoning, both living creatures and objects out of thin air.
Have these summonings fight by your side or use them to surpass a specific obstacle or path.
As long as it's something you've seen before, you can make it appear.

School of Divination (Player's Handbook)
Wizards of this subclass become diviners, people that can see beyond the presence looking for things that are yet to happen.
Foretell the future and shape it your way to help your party or change your enemies' fate.

School of Enchantment (Player's Handbook)
Some people find these wizards extremely charming. That may not be because of their looks, but because of their power.
Enchanters are able to get whatever they want with their magical spells and gaze, while also charming creatures to fight by their side.

School of Evocation (Player's Handbook)
Evocation is the school of magic of destruction and explosions. Thunders, fire, acid and more come out from your spells.
If you were looking for the all-powerful destructive wizards, this is your best choice! Don't worry that much about your allies, you can always shape your spells a bit so they don't receive as much damage.

School of Illusion (Player's Handbook)
Everything coming out of these wizards is smoke and mirrors. Everything you can think of can appear in front of you as an extremely believable illusion.
Deceptive, entertainers, and great for making big scares. Want a T-Rex to appear from underwater during a ship battle. Why not? That's the kind of things this class is all about!

School of Necromancy (Player's Handbook)
Shapers of life and death, creators of the undead. Necromancers are all about death and decay, stealing life's forces and creating thralls to fight for them.
While not always evil, people don't often feel good about people using their passed loved ones for slavery, making them hated most of the time by people.

School of Transmutation (Player's Handbook)
Transmutation is all about changing. Wizards of this school believe in the change of all things in existence, and try to find the way to master creation.
This can make them excellent pranksters by transforming people into other things, or alterers of physical forms and mental qualities.

War Magic (XGE)
Followers of this school become war mages, scholars who mix both abjuration and evocation magic instead of specializing in only one of them.
This allows them to deal great amounts of damage while also staying protected. What use would the wizard be if it were dead?

Bladesinger (Sword Coast's Adventurers Guide) *Elves and half-elves only (unless your DM says otherwise)
Bladesingers are wizards trained in a specific elven way of combat and wizardry.
They are taught the bladesong, a sort of elven magic that allows them to enter a trance during combat, making them faster and harder to hit.

Order of Scribes (Tasha's Cauldron of Everything)
Wizards from the order of the scribes are the most wizardly wizard from the bunch. They are characters that are always writing with their magic quill in their spellbook and scrolls.
The spellbook also becomes sentient through their magic, becoming intangible and behaving in a similar manner to a familiar.
Being this great at writers, these wizards can also create spell scrolls that only they can read to use throughout the day,
or even create your typical magical spell scrolls for party members to cast magic from.